Previously onThe Equalizer...
I'm the one you call
when you can't call 911.
Oh, man, we're screwed.
This guy's a cop.
I'm here for you.
Whenever you need me.
Give that to the chief for me?
Now that you know my secrets,
you're gonna have to grow up
just a little faster.
But maybe we can just
start by giving each other
the benefit of the doubt.
That's Dad.
Mayday, Mayday, Mayday.
No, no, no, no!
Bishop.
I can't do it, Shareen.
Thank God. I thought
I was the only one.
This isn't us.
We're cashiers,
not criminals.
But we really need the money.
We'll find another way.
We planned the
heist, didn't we?
And look how
far we got.
We'll figure it out
and do it honestly.
Come on. We leave now,
it'll be like
we were never here.
Are you kidding me?
After everything
I have done for you,
you stuff your pockets
in the middle of a job?
No! I swear.
That's why we've been short.
He's been skimming us
this whole time.
Oh, you're a little Judas
bitch, you know that?
Yo.Someone here?
- Go!-
Get them!
Come on!
Well, sure, if you're up for it.
Okay. I'll meet you there.
Going out?
Aunt Vi, what you
doing up so late?
The muse strikes at odd hours.
When it does, I listen.
I could ask
the same of you.
The muse and trouble both.
You be careful out there.
I always am.
Hey. Mom just go out?
Yeah. She, uh...
She just got
one of those calls.
Did we wake you up?
No, I, um, heard her
on the phone.
It's like00 a.m.
Does she really have to get up
and run out
in the middle of the night?
I mean,
Dad's a doctor, he has to.
But at least when he does it,
I know he'll come back.
You're worried.
Aren't you?
Bishop was her mentor.
She said that he was
one of the best agents
she'd ever met, and...
he's gone.
Mom's been pretty devastated.
Don't you worry?
Yeah, I do.
Because no matter
how capable your mom is,
she's...
...she's not invincible.
I say we talk to her. Together.
Soon as she gets home.
Yeah. Okay.
We heard something weird
coming out of the safe,
so we hid and then
these guys came out.
There were three of them.
They were arguing,
and then one of them just, like,
pulled out a gun and, like,
murdered the other one.
Just slow down, Jenna.
Which Dollar One was robbed?
The big one, off the 3.
I'm a cashier there
with my friend Shareen.
Why were you
at the store so late?
Okay, you got to understand,
we were desperate.
The court just gave full custody
of my five-year-old son to my ex
because I got evicted.
I can't pay rent
with what they pay me there.
Shareen, she's got all
these medical bills
from a miscarriage
that she had which...
probably wouldn't have happened
if our college boy boss
would've let her, I don't know,
sit down for five minutes
or keep a water bottle
by the register.
We didn't see any other way out.
I'm not gonna get my Cody back
working minimum wage.
Not even
with overtime.
But we decided not to go
through with it, I swear.
Go through with what, Jenna?
We were gonna try
and rob the place, too.
Give ourselves
a leg up.
I figured insurance
would cover the losses.
So Shar stole the key
to the safe,
I cut the power to the cameras.
And that's why you
didn't call the police.
Yeah, but we didn't do it.
As messed up as our lives are,
we-we knew it was wrong.
We were about
to walk away, and that's
when those guys came out.
We ran and they shot at us.
They shot Shareen.
Wait, they shot Shareen?Yeah, they shot her.
Where is she?
Hey, Shar?
These people
are here to help us.
How's it look?
Jenna had a semester
at nursing school and she...
did her best
to stop the bleeding.
You got a serious gunshot wound.
We got to get you to a hospital.
No. No hospitals.
We heard them say they'd check
every ER in the city
until they found us.
Did they see your faces?No.
We were wearing ski masks.
But we saw theirs.
Did you recognize them?
The shooter looked familiar,
like I'd seen him before.
At the store.
A customer, maybe.
She's got a bullet
lodged in her abdomen.
If we don't it treated,
she's gonna die.
You get Jenna to the safe house.
I'll take Shareen to help.
Any hospital you take her to
will have to report it
to police.
I'm not going to a hospital.
Rob, what are you doing here?
Delilah okay?
Delilah's fine.
Miles, I need your help.
Oh.Look, I know it's a hell
of a thing to ask your ex,
but you're one of the
best surgeons in the city
and I got no other choice.
I need to know whose life
I'm saving here, Rob.
The less you know, the better.
Well, let's see.
You couldn't take
this woman to a hospital,
and so you brought her to me,
at home.
Who's she running from?
Police?
Some international
bad guy collective?
Shouldn't you be concentrating?
I just know how you operate.
Thought you left the CIA.
I did.
Then who are you
working for now?
No one. I'm just
helping a friend.
Well, your friend is very lucky.
The bullet entered right here.
A couple centimeters down, this
could've pierced her spleen.
You guys were lucky I was here.
I knew you'd be here.
Kelly's out of town
and you a homebody now.
Not like back in the day.
Well, that's 'cause
I am older and wiser
and we're not
in Somalia anymore.
Oh, don't act like
you didn't love it.
The danger, the adrenaline.
Bullets flying over our heads,
both of us believing
we could save the world.
Yeah, I remember.
But I left Doctors Without
Borders a long time ago,
and this...
is clearly not a peacekeeping
mission you're on.
You know, Rob,
if anybody finds out about this,
I'm gonna lose
my medical license.
You can trust me, Miles.
Yeah, I know better
than to trust you.
I promise, no one will
find out about this. Just...
I just need you to help me
save this woman's life.
I just did.
You're taking the bullet?
I got to find out who shot her.
She has no one else.
I really appreciate this, Miles.
Truly.
Hey, wait, what should I do
with the patient?
Keep her alive.
You do know
I'm not a cop anymore?
You still have friends.
Look, I know what
you're going through,
and I know it's not easy.
Questioning the institution
and yourself.
But I know you still
believe in justice.
Does this have anything to do
with what happened
to your friend?
That's gonna take
a little more time.
But I'm dealing with it
the best way I know how,
which is focusing on others.
Maybe that'd help you.
You're really selling this.
Look, I'm just trying to see
if you'll call in a favor,
that's all.
Run ballistics, see if that
slug connects to anything.
Call in a favor, huh?
Okay. On one condition.
I'm gonna need
something from you.
Your name.
My name?
And here I am thinking
you like a little mystery.
Satisfying mysteries
are the ones that get solved.
Let's just see
where this leads to first.
Showing up to your ex-husband's
with a gunshot victim?
That's not awkward.
Yeah, tell me about it.
How'd he react?
Not well.
But I did manage to keep
my new vocation out of it.
And despite
our history,
he saved Shareen's life.
How'd it go with the robberies?
So, you'd think all hell
would've broken loose
this morning
after the store opened,
but there hasn't been
a single call to the NYPD.
Well, the safe should be open.
Cash drawers
should be distributed.
Someone should've noticed.
Right, I don't know.
Maybe they gave the money back.
After killing their partner?
There would've been no time.
They would've had to grab
that body and get
the hell out of there.
Mm-hmm.
Jenna said they were maskless.
Were you able to pull up
any surveillance?
Mm-hmm. Check this out.
This is right about the time
of the robbery last night.
Now, Jenna and Shareen
said that they unplugged
the camera, right?
So, technically, there shouldn't
be any image at all.
Unless someone tampered
with the system.
Uh-huh. And so, I checked,
and this is looped footage
from the previous night.
The robbers didn't wear masks
because they didn't have to.
Rob, for someone
to pull this off,
they would have to physically
access the system
inside the store
before the break-in
to make sure that nothing
was captured on camera.
Well, can you tell
when the loop started?
Yeah, it was just
last night before closing.
And given that the system
is in an employees-only area...
Then a Dollar One employee
was helping.
Mm-hmm.
If the accomplice
works in the store,
then he's gonna know about
the two masked female witnesses.
And when Jenna and Shareen
don't show up to work...
Yeah, the killers
are gonna know,
and they're gonna
come after them.
Yeah, and it's gonna become
even more dangerous
for their families.
Jenna is gonna have
to go into work.
And smile like
nothing ever happened.
In the meantime,
run a background check
on everyone in that store.
See if anything stands out.
You really think
someone from the store
let those men in last night?
Well, we don't know for
sure, but it looks like it.
Jenna, if you're not
comfortable going in,
you don't have to.
No, I'll do it.
I want to keep any suspicion
off me and Shareen.
Besides, I-I can't afford
to lose this job.
Not if I'm gonna get Cody back.
Where is he now?
Uh, he's with his dad
and his grandmother.
They have a house in Michigan.
With a yard.
I couldn't afford to pay rent
on the studio apartment we had
with what I make here.
It's why I got evicted,
why I had to give up
on nursing school.
Why the judge
gave custody to my ex.
You know, sometimes
I think Cody's better off.
I know you don't believe that.
Well, I better
get in there, hmm?
Hey.
If you change your mind
or if you feel in any danger,
you call.
Okay?
Okay.
All right.
Thank you.
Sure.
Hey, Jenna.
Tell Shar thanks a lot.
God forbid I should
get a day off.
Where are you going, Jenna?
Uh, to punch in.
Shareen called in sick,
but I suppose you
already know that.
Yeah, she said
she wasn't feeling well.
Seemed okay
yesterday.
Anything happen last night?
What?
You two left together,
didn't you?
Yeah, we walk
to the subway together.
You didn't see
her after that?No.
Then how'd you know
she called in sick?
Lyle.
Didn't you want to get
another register open?
Let the lady punch in
and get her drawer.
Register three.
Thanks, Bernie.
Keep your head down.
He's in a mood today.
Go get your drawer.
You stuff your pockets
in the middle of a job?
He's been skimming us
this whole time.
ROBYN
How'd it go?
I owe a guy Knicks tickets,
but we got a bite.
The bullet was traced back to
a gun used in another burglary.
Four months ago at the Herndon
Manufacturing plant.
Manufacturing plant?
That doesn't sound like a cash
robbery. What did they take?
I don't have much more because
the Feds took over the case.
Feds? What does Herndon make?
According to the Internet,
dyes, resins, waxes.
So why would the Feds
be involved?
Not sure. I called a detective
friend who was on the case
before the Feds took it over.
He said it was all
very hush-hush,
but he did remember
interviewing a witness.
A former employee
named Gordon Racine.
Quit Herndon just
after the burglary
and opened a shop of his own.
Can you tell me
where the shop is?
Only if I can meet you there.
I thought you weren't
a cop anymore.
Maybe I want to see
where this leads.
Nah, you just want my name.
Gordon Racine?How can I help you folks?
We were hoping to talk to you
about the burglary at Herndon.
Hang on.
Did you, did you catch them?
You're cops, right?
No.
But a friend of ours may have
had a run-in with the same guys.
I feel for them. That was
the worst night of my life.
You mind telling us about it?
Um, I, uh, I worked I.T.
for the plant,
sometimes late. That
night I heard noises.
And when I came out of
my office, this guy grabs me,
shoves a gun in my mouth
and says if I make a sound,
he's-he's gonna
blow my brains out.
How many guys were there?
Three total.
They nearly killed
the security guard
who tried to stop them--
Not that anybody cared.
I tried to take a few days off
after it happened,
just to get my head together,
and management
threatened to fire me.
Some American
dream, huh?
$20 an hour
and a gun in your face.
Makes you think.
I'm sure it does.
I quit right there,
opened up this shop.
Can you describe the men?
Mm, they wore masks.
The only thing I saw
with clarity was the gun.
Well, what'd they steal?
Management didn't say.
Probably didn't want it
getting back
to the big companies
they sell to.
VIP accounts.
Government contracts.
I know Herndon
makes resins and dyes.
Is there a chance they make ink?
Yeah, there's a whole division.
Did you ever come
across the initials
B.E.P. on the VIP
account list?
Yeah, um, as a matter of fact,
I did. Why?
Not important.
Appreciate your help, Gordon.
B.E.P. What's that?
A hunch. I'll let you know
if it pays off,
but I got to check
on something first.
You find everything okay?
Yes, thank you.
And Shareen? She okay?
She will be.
How about you? How you doing?
My manager Lyle, he's been
asking a lot of questions.
But he's a real
stickler for the rules.
Not the type to... you know.
You sure?
Because we can
pull you out of here.
No, if I left now, Lyle would
ask even more questions.
Just tell me
you found something.
We're working on it.
I'll be back before
the end of your shift.
$13.89.
Thank you.
Hey, can you break this for me?
Thanks.
Thank you.
For the boys.
You knew I followed you?
I mean, well, y-you're good,
but I'm better.
So, what's this hunch?
Federal involvement.
Factory makes ink.
I think I know what those guys
stole from the plant that night.
B.E.P.
Bureau of Engraving
and Printing.
Herndon Manufacturing
supplies ink for U.S. currency.
So, this is about
counterfeiting?
Yeah, that's why
there was no money was missing.
They weren't stealing it,
they were exchanging it.
Taking real bills and
replacing them with fake ones.
Well, that's how
they clean their cash.
And the big chain
store isn't any wiser.
I mean, they come
across a phony,
they assume a customer
just slipped it to them.
And to avoid suspicion,
they funnel the fakes
through different stores,
not hitting the same ones
too frequently.
Well, they must have a system
for picking their targets.
Well, Dante's gonna give
some bills to a friend of his
at the Secret Service, so we'll
see if they can shed some light.
Dante's helping you out
with this, is he?
He's got some time to kill.
Oh, I bet he does, yeah.
Look, what we do know
is that that they have
a man on the inside.
Now, if we can
figure out who that is,
then we can use them
to get to the crew.
I'm sure they're
not that different
from Jenna and Shareen.
In debt. Desperate.
Overleveraged.
Looking for a way out.
Oh, you just described
the entire staff of this place.
Everybody there is either
strapped or working an angle.
You got a cashier here
who's on the verge
of bankruptcy.
A stock boy who started
a GoFundMe account
'cause his brother got jumped.
And their manager over there is
being crushed by student loans.
I mean, if these counterfeiters
are looking for somebody
to leverage or bribe,
the possibilities are endless.
So which one of them is it?
Yeah, and how deeply
involved are they?
Here you go. Have a good day.Thank you.
Jenna, you okay?
I saw him. The shooter was here.
Are you sure?
I knew I'd seen him before.
He's the delivery guy
for Bolt Blast Energy Drinks.
And I just saw him talking
to my jerk-ass manager.
Here, I took a photo.
I'll send it to you now.
Is he still there?
No, he left.
Okay, I'm gonna send my friend
Mel to come pick you up.
No, no. I don't think
they know it was me
and Shareen here last night.
If I leave now,
it'll just look suspicious.
I can't lose this job.
I think I'm good.
Jenna.Just come get me after my shift?
Don't do anything to draw
attention to yourself.
Keep your phone close.
And if anything goes wrong,
call me.
I will. I got to go.
Lyle.No phones allowed on the floor.
That's the rule.I'm sorry, it was an emergency.
My kid.Hand it over.
What?
You can have it back
at the end of your shift.
Lyle.
She's not a child.
She doesn't have
to give you her phone.
She does if she wants
to keep her job.
But you're right.
It's her choice.
Got him.
The shooter?
Yeah, I hacked
Bolt Blast Energy.
The guy's name is Nick Gleeson.
He's been working
for the company for
a little over a year.
Company's known for offering
second chances to ex-cons.
Well, he sure
learned his lesson.
What was he in for?
Burglary, larceny, check fraud.
He started in, uh, juvie.
He's done a couple
of stints in state.
And graduated to counterfeiting.
It's hard to believe
a street thug like Nick
could've created those bills.
Well, they were damn good fakes.
Yeah, as good as the ones
coming out of Peru,
which has specialized artisans
making the best fakes
on the planet.
If Nick was the shooter,
he was the muscle,
not the brains.
If we're gonna protect
Jenna and Shareen,
we're gonna have to break up
this whole ring.
And find out who his connection
is on the inside of Dollar One.
Harry, do me a favor.
Track down Nick Gleeson.
And check NYPD files
for known associates.
Yep.
Hey, Miles. How's our patient?
Might want to get over here.
She's awake.
What's your interest in this?
Last I heard,
you quit the force.
Just helping out a buddy.
What, out of
the goodness of your heart?
I had some spare time.
Right. Look, I know
P.I. work when I see it.
Your pal's on to something.
These bills
are definitely counterfeit.
Part of a batch
that started hitting the streets
about three months ago.
Some of the best I ever seen.
Do you know who's behind this?
Not yet, but we will.
I got one of their
ring members on ice.
Caught him with $200
of these same bills
in sequential order
about two months ago.
Problem is is he's loyal.
Won't give up his crew.
You think you can get me on the
visitor's list to talk to him?
Whatever
leads I get,
I'll share. It's a win-win.
Okay.
Since you have
so much spare time.
She asked if her girlfriend
was all right
and if you had caught
the men that shot her.
So you gonna tell me
what this is about?
Like I said,
I'm just helping out a friend.
This woman doesn't
even know your name.
Robyn, I
need to know
what I'm dealing with
so I can protect myself.
And more importantly, I need
to know that you're not putting
my daughter at risk.
Our daughter.
And Delilah is safer
with me than she is with anyone.
You of all people
should know that.
Or did you forget
how my unit protected your
medical team from incursions?
20 years ago,
thousands of miles
away from home
and long before
Delilah was even born.
And you were lying
to me then, too.
It was my job.
You're still angry.
And you're still selfish.
How much does Delilah
really know about you?
I told her what she was
ready to hear.
And if I'm guessing,
that was right around the time
her friend was killed?
That week she came here,
wouldn't even leave her room?
Robyn, she used to talk to us
about everything,
what's going on at school,
what's going on at home.
Now it's like she's scared
she's gonna say something
she shouldn't.
You are so quick to blame.
But I'm not the only one who was
keeping secrets from Dee.
But Miles,
isn't losing a friend
in a drive-by shooting
enough to change a child?
She's been struggling
for months with PTSD.
You know how real that is.
Robyn, I'm gonna ask you
one more time.
What are you involved with
so close to home?
Nothing that would
harm our daughter.
I'm-a come back tonight
and get Shareen
and move her to a safe place.
Thank you.
What you got?
Hey. I found Nick Gleeson.
Yo. Who the hell are you?
Karma. I'm here to talk to you
about that guy
you murdered last night.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Sure, you do, Nick.
And you're also gonna
tell me all about
your little
counterfeiting operation, too.
I'm telling you
like I told the Feds,
I've got nothing
to do with this.
Then how'd you end up
with that much counterfeit cash?
Hell if I know.
One minute I'm picking up milk
for my kid's cereal,
I walk out and next thing
I know I'm in a squad car.
And because
I couldn't make bail,
I lost my job.
My car got repossessed.
My wife had to ask
her parents for money
to keep from getting evicted.
Look, I'm not a cop.
You can be straight with me.
Do you have any idea
how you may have gotten
the counterfeit money?
For the last time, no.
Getting slipped a
fake 20 is one thing,
but hundreds in fakes
suggests you're involved.
Do you shop
at Dollar One?
No.
Trey, the Feds aren't messing
around. This is your life.
And with your priors...From ten years ago.
They don't care.
They will let you rot in here.
Haven't you
lost enough?
What about your son?
Think about your family.
I am thinking about my family.
Who are you protecting?
Hey, Dante. What's up?
I think I just got a lead.
Well, good,
'cause I just lost one.
The guy in possession
of the fake bills?
Turns out his wife cashed
a check at this grocery.
He was taking the fall
in order to protect her.
Who said chivalry is dead?
If the cash came
from this store,
there may be a common
link to Dollar One.
Maybe the same delivery guy.
It's a great way to case
a place, get a sense of routine,
groom an inside man.
I don't think it was Nick.
The beverages he delivers
aren't sold here.
My team checked.
But maybe one
of the other ring members does.
Maybe.
Uh, sorry, no. Never seen him.
I just received some photos
of known associates.
Would you mind
taking a look at them?
No.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, that one.
It's, uh, it's Brody Mavers.
Yeah, he was here
about a week as a,
eh, fill-in stock clerk
before he quit.
Thanks for your help.
Looks like you've got
another lead.
I'd run background
for you, but...
No, I got it.
But first, I want
to check with my client
to see if Brody
was there that night.
Lyle, they need you
down in inventory.
Said there's a problem
with a shipment.
Jenna.
You owe me for this one.
Bernie, you're gonna
get us both fired.
You shouldn't be
on break without it.
And I think someone's
been trying to reach you.
Everything all right?
I need to respond
to this right away.
Well, Lyle's on the floor.
I know.
Come with me.
There.
I'll stand watch.Thanks, Bernie.
And Jenna?
I'm really sorry.
What?
Hey! You said you
wouldn't hurt her!
Stay out of this, old man!
Jenna still hasn't responded
to my text.
Well, maybe she's at
the register and can't answer.
Maybe, but Rob, I can't get
a location off her phone.
It's not connected to the
network. Maybe it's off.
I told her to keep it on.
Something's wrong.
I'm looking for Jenna.
Have you seen her?
No.
Jenna?
You're looking for Jenna?Yes.
I'm a friend of hers.
Do you know where she is?
No, but when you find her, tell
her don't bother coming back,
because she's fired.Fired?
Yeah. She went on break
and never came back.
I need to see
your security footage.
And I need
reliable employees.
Listen to me, whoever you are...
No, you listen to me.
She's in danger.
And it happened on your watch.
So I need to see
that footage now.
I don't know how to
operate the system.
My assistant manager
is the one who controls it.
Bernie. What
are you doing?
He's deleting evidence
of Jenna's disappearance.
You're the inside man.
It was supposed to be simple.
Take care of the cameras
and give them the access codes.
Who paid you?
Was it the
delivery guy Nick?
My mother
is 92.
Having to maintain
her prescriptions,
I was struggling.
He said I could make
some cash
and no one would get hurt.
Because of what you did, Jenna
could be a lot worse than hurt.
When I overheard her
on the phone
saying that she recognized Nick,
I thought
my life was over.
So you called them.
I don't know what to do.
Where did they take her?
I don't know. I thought they
were just gonna talk to her.
But a guy I didn't
know grabbed her.
He-he put her in a car.
Was that him?
Look, you got to know.
I adore those girls.
I-I never thought...
Last ping on Jenna's cell
was two blocks from the store.
Yeah, the abductors must have
turned off her phone.
What about Nick's?It's a burner.
It's off-network, too.
Meaning we have
no way to track her.
Okay, I'm gonna
need you to think.
Is there anything you remember
that could help me
track her down?
A license plate number,
something distinctive
about the car?
No.Anything about
the phone call?
Uh, something Nick
might have said?
Bernie! Do you know what they
are going to do to her?
They are going to torture her
and kill her
if they haven't done it already.
Now I need you to think.
The phone call was quick.
Nick didn't say...
B-But...
But what?
I heard music in the background
when Nick was on the phone.
It sounded like...
opera?
Rob, you were right. Nick, Brody
and Gordon are connected.
How?
They all grew up
in the same public housing.
Gordon almost made it out.
He was a high school standout.
He got into MIT
for engineering,
but he couldn't afford to go.
Instead, he, uh, he just got
a job as an I.T. tech, working
far below his potential.So Gordon's the brains.
We're guessing
when his old pals found out
he was working at Herndon,
they convinced him to put
his engineering skills to use,
counterfeiting the perfect bill.
So the story about the robbery
at the plant was a cover.
Gordon was in on it.
Harry, what were
you able to find out
about that computer shop?
Yeah, the store front's just
a small part of the space.
There's a much larger
storage area in the back.
Yeah, it's closed off,
it's discrete.
It's the perfect place
to run their operation from.
And the perfect place
to hold Jenna.
Where's your partner, huh?
And who's that woman
that attacked me?
I told you. I don't know.
No, no, Nick, Nick, stop,
stop. We agreed, no violence.Oh, my God.
Are you kidding me, man?
Look, these bitches,
they saw us.
All right?
They saw me smoke Rudy,
so if we don't get rid of her
and the other girl,
we all go to prison.
Is that what you want?No, no, but what if
she really doesn't know
where her friend is?
We shot the woman. I mean...
What, you think she just left
her on the sidewalk to bleed?
No. No, no, no. She knows, okay?
She knows.
Well, what if we find
the other one,
get them to agree not to talk?
Yeah, we should, like,
draw up a contract,
have them sign it, right?
Like, how-- Come on, how can
someone so smart be so stupid?
Come on, look, look.
We got a good thing
going on here, right?
And I, for one,
I'm not gonna let
a couple Dollar One cashiers
ruin that for us.
They know about the
counterfeiting, Gordy.
The woman who attacked Nick
asked you about the B.E.P.
Mm-hmm.
So this threat, this
needs to be handled.
Like you handled Rudy?I did what I had to do.
Because you don't cross
your partners.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe she doesn't know anything.
So maybe I should just put
a bullet in her skull
and end this right now.
Do it and you're next.Yo.
Put the gun down.
You put yours down
or I'll blow her head off.
Come on, Nick. Don't be stupid.
Put the gun down.
All right, yeah, you're
not a cop, so who are you?
I'm just someone
who doesn't want to see
an innocent person die.
Jenna, you will
be all right.
You take another step
and she won't be.
Nick, Nick, it's over.
Just let her go.
No, I'm not going
back to prison.
And I am done breaking
my back for minimum wage.
Brody, get the cash.
Don't do it.
It doesn't matter.
I am walking out of here
with the cash.
All right, you...
Nick.You're gonna put the money
in this bag. Now!
Did you know the CEO of
Bolt Blast Energy Drinks
made $7 million
last year?
And guys like us,
we're barely making it.
How is that right?
I'm not going
back to that life.
I worked too hard
to let all this go.
So I will drop you all
a postcard from México.
You okay, Jenna?
Yeah, I'm okay.
Ah!
Come on.
Looks like I owe you one.
Just a private citizen
doing my part.
Oh, don't give me that.
No, you got cop in your bones.
You should give up
this P.I. nonsense,
do something worthwhile.
Join us big boys in the Service.
I can put in a good word.
Thanks.
I'm not looking for another
badge right now,
but there is something
you can do for me.
What's that?
Hey.
It's over.
We're safe now.
What about your job?
Lyle fired me, so...
Actually, it's Lyle
who's gonna be out of a job.
The store was being used to
distribute counterfeit money.
And it happened on Lyle's watch.
Can't imagine the owners
will be too happy about that.
Let's get you home
so you can recover.
You ready? Okay.
One, two, there you go.
Thank you for stepping up.
I took an oath.
I'd appreciate you not taking
advantage of that again.
I got a family to think about.
You do, too.
Hey, thanks for the
assist back there.
I guess the shoulder and the
knee are getting better, huh?
I'm gonna pay for it
tomorrow, trust me.
But the Secret Service
was quite appreciative.
And you were able to keep
my clients out of it?
Unfortunately, no.
Turns out the Feds were
offering a $10,000 reward.
I might've mentioned that Jenna
was the one who tipped me off.
Enough to get Jenna and Shareen
back on their feet.
As long as the Secret Service
is paying,
I believe it's your turn?
Hmm.
Would you look at the time?
So you backing out on me?
Come on.
A deal's a deal.
What's your name?
Robyn.
My name is Robyn.
Nice to finally meet you, Robyn.
What are y'all still doing up?
We were worried about you.
Neither of us
can sleep until we
know you're home,
safe and in one piece.
Wow.
I'm here.
It's all good.
Now. Right this minute.
I mean, Mom, you
tell us not to worry,
but you also said
that Mr. Bishop was the best.
Look at what happened to him.
We know you can take care
of yourself,
but you're not invulnerable.
I promise you,
if I'm ever in real danger,
I will let you know.
Now, where is all this
coming from?
Dad called.
And what did he want?
He wants to know
if she feels safe
in this house.
And he asked if there was
anything he should know,
about what you may
be involved in.
And what did you say?
What do you think I said?
I lied.
Just be safe, okay?
I love you.
Love you, too, babe.
Get some sleep.
She lied... to protect me?
She shouldn't have to do that.
And it won't be the last time
she has to do that, either.
Come on,
you know Miles.
That man is like
a dog with a bone.
He's not gonna let this go.